Prepare website for SR2026 (#620)
srobo/website: _posts/2025-09-06-sr2026-registration-open.md

---
title: Registration opens for Student Robotics 2026
---

{% include figure.html src="/images/content/blog/sr2024/sr2024-photo.jpg"
           caption="All the teams from SR2024" %}

We're excited to announce that registration for the 2026 season of Student
Robotics is now open!

Based in the UK, Student Robotics challenges teams of 16 to 19 year-olds to
design, build and program fully autonomous robots to compete in our annual
competition. Teams will have just six months to engineer their creations. As
well as supplying teams with a [kit][kit], which they can use as a framework for
their robot, we mentor the teams over this period. Thanks to the generosity of
our sponsors, we provide all of this to our teams at no cost.

The [competition cycle][programme-structure] will start with an in-person

> [Kickstart event][kickstart] hosted at the University of Southampton on October
> 12th. During the event the game and the structure of the competition will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Kickstart event][kickstart] hosted at the University of Southampton on November
8th. During the event the game and the structure of the competition will be
```
